This program starts up with an image preloaded that you may edit or save as you
see fit. However, it also has the option of importing images into the program,
which you can do by clicking "File" in the Top Menu Bar, and then clicking 
"Import Image". This will come up with a File Browser Prompt, in which you can
find the file you wish to edit, and then click on it, and click "Open". 
Depending on the resolution of the image, you may see a prompt asking you if you
would like to have the program automatically resize the image to fit your 
screen. It is recommend that you do this for ease of use, but if you do not 
choose "Yes" to this prompt, there are scroll bars in order to navigate the 
image as you please. Furthermore, there is still an option called "Fit to 
Screen" under the "Edit" tab in the Top Menu Bar, which will resize the image 
accordingly. If you would like to make edits to your canvas, you may click on
one of the tools on the Left Toolbar. Then, after selecting a tool, you may drag
your mouse across the screen in order to draw the line or shape on the canvas. 
After importing an image or making more revisions to your canvas, you may save
your image by clicking "File" and then "Save as", which will prompt you as to
where you would like your saved image to be located. After your first save, you
may either manually save your image by clicking "Save" or you may just let the
image automatically save at your specified Autosave Interval, which you may set
under the "Preferences" menu option under the "Help" menu tab. Lastly, one may 
zoom in and out of the canvas along with set the drawing color and width by
clicking their respective buttons on the left toolbar. 

